you
hey I'm at the Natural Products Expo
West I'm very excited to see what they
have to offer here they've got all kinds
of great natural organic veggie stuff
that is great to take on the road as
well as have it home so it was such a
tree to attend the natural products expo
west in Anaheim this place is a
veritable wonderland for foodies and
health nuts alike not open to the public
however this is a convention for natural
product companies to showcase and debut
their newest goodies to retail buyers
nationwide from food supplements Beauty
lifestyle and more news be tickled my
nose good for this is there's so much to
see and do I wish I'd been there all
three days
let's start with healthy snacks which
are great when you're on the goat like
me lunan Clif bars have always been
vegan and will always be an awesome
choice for any snack the flavors are
great and the ingredients are well
incorporated into every bar especially
Lunas because they're made for us ladies
the friendly pirates over at the
Pirate's Booty ship called me in with
some great veggie booty they've got all
kinds of popcorn and meat snacks and the
veggie booty especially is suitable for
vegans as all made with yummy green
veggies I love to cook and one of my
favorite things to do is find new
products to incorporate into my dishes
Cedars is a dynamite line of fresh
hummus salsas bean salads and they get
an a-plus for young light light and
tofurkey both debut some pretty killer
tempeh flavors their heat and serve
marinated tempeh with flavors like
sesame garlic lemon ginger and barbecue
you can't go wrong with one of these at
dinner Sookie's indian cuisine knocked
my socks off I love Indian food and this
brand is awesome they have lots of fresh
frozen items as well as jarred sauces
mixes and grab and go meals it's
family-owned and they're definitely on
my top 5 list of new companies I
discovered at the expo
I also found some great home and
lifestyle products at the show to go
where is right up my alley for green
conscious foodies on the go to go where
has a line of personal eco utensils in a
neat eco carrying case as well as these
cool hot and cold food carriers and
containers definitely a must for a
healthy voyager also family owned by
Oakland makes everything from stain
remover to dishwashing soap it's great
for the environment as well as for you
especially on a long trip because
everything is so concentrated that a
little goes a long way I had to stop and
get a massage from the Dinah flex people
as well as play with their cool
gyroscopic contraptions that helps with
sore wrists and hands I was introduced
to Jean Pierre cosmetics new line called
blue travel sized products like face
wash and exfoliating pads are made with
clean ingredients that keep your skin
healthy and radiant after all the eating
and walking I definitely needed some
refreshments I popped in to Palm because
I know they're always a sure hit I tried
their new peach flavored tea is he's a
nice alternative to sodas all-natural
ingredients and refreshing flavors
izzy's a great option to soft drinks
filled with high fructose corn syrup or
worse like sugar replacements and
aspartame
and even though I preach health I can't
deprive myself from the occasional sweet
Arrowhead Mills launched their
gluten-free mixes bake with me series
which is a great way to bring kids into
the kitchen as well as keeping them
healthy soy delicious took the cake I
love that there are more and more soy
free alternatives like their new coconut
milk ice cream bars sandwiches & pints
of deliciousness I devoured Amy's
kitchens new line of vegan cakes Amy's
is a huge product line and has something
for everyone bu vegan gluten-free or
just want to eat an organic quick meal
and finally Pamela's products were a
great alternative for those who are
gluten sensitive lots of options for
cake bread and other tasty baking mixes
I had a chance to meet with a lot of
publications but it was especially nice
to finally meet the people behind veg
news the expo was terrific and I'm so
happy I was able to try so many tasty
goodies as well as meet the people who
make them all of these products can be
found at your local market and be sure
to check your grocery shelves for these
as well as more great products and
restaurants who have received the
healthy voyager approved seal of
approval visit healthy voyager calm for
the directory coming soon healthy
voyager is a wealthy voyager it's true
and carolyn you got everybody listening
to you thanks for joining us at the expo
make sure to join us again next time for
another exciting healthy Voyager episode
you